Welcome to the markers!
The thought of going abroad is itself daunting and due to lack of proper information and high costs involved makes it even more complicated.however,IELTS has adopted a new unique way of making students understand each and every strategy and also provide step by step guidance for the entire process and with our expertise and vast experience we can identify weakness of students and act like stepping stones to their future.
We offers following courses:-
Spoken
French
Personality Development
Embassy Interview Preparation
PTE
 
IELTS characteristics:-
IELTS Academic and IELTS General Training are designed to cover the full range of ability from non-user to expert user. The Academic version is for test takers who want to study at tertiary level in an English-speaking country or seek professional registration. The General Training version is for test takers who want to work, train, study at a secondary school or migrate to an English-speaking country.
The difference between the Academic and General Training versions is the content, context and purpose of the tasks. All other features, such as timing allocation, length of written responses and reporting of scores, are the same.
IELTS Academic and General Training both incorporate the following features:
•	IELTS tests the ability to communicate and speak in English.
•	The speaking module is a key component of IELTS. It is conducted in the form of a one-to-one interview with an examiner. The examiner assesses the test taker as he or she is speaking. The speaking session is also recorded for monitoring and for re-marking in case of an appeal against the score given.
•	A variety of accents and writing styles have been presented in test materials in order to less linguistic bias. The accents in the listening section are generally 80% US and 20% others.
•	IELTS is developed by experts at Cambridge University with input from item writers from around the world. Teams are located in the USA, Great Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and other English-speaking nations.
•	Band scores are used for each language sub-skill (Listening, Reading, Writing, and Speaking). The Band Scale ranges from 0 to 9.
About Us:-
SCF 31,2nd &3rd Floor Phase 3-B2/Sector-60,Mohali
9356093711,9356093722
www.themarkers.in
About by:-Krammy Jeff
Contact@themarkers.in





